[Ping] - documentation and code improvements for SaaS environments (#34167)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_14_42.md

#### Scripts

##### Ping

> - Added a custom error message indicating that the script can only run on custom engines in xsoar-saas and xsiam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the error message to clarify that the script can only run on a custom engine on Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM.
```
